grandma
Grandma, learn what grandma is still doing
Hurry to the firetruck
Grandma, what the hell is going on?
Grandma, he is a doctor. Ask the lady.
I was about to come in just now and he wouldn't let me in
I mentioned the baby in the womb
He was suddenly angry
Come and hit me early
Grandma to dissuade
He pushed it down.
I don't have it.
Tell me what you saw
Indeed, as Miss Xia said
It was pushed down by the young lady
Yeah!
You are so vicious
You don't even spare an old man
The Good Samaritan will be punished
Evil man
He doesn't bring his grandmother from Shanghai
And kill my baby in my belly
Never mind.
It is now
No matter how he framed me
Just one question for you.
Do you really think I would hurt a man?